README.md, before:

# Thing Tracker Network

This repository holds the specification for the Thing Tracker Network proposal.  

Have a look at the main website for more details: [thingtracker.net](http://thingtracker.net).


### Specification

The schema is given in two formats: [js-schema](git://github.com/molnarg/js-schema.git) for conciseness, and [json-schema](http://json-schema.org) which can be read and parsed directly, (using JSON.parse, for example).  The js-schema version has to be read in via aneval() or a Function statement, which makes it less secure.

### Examples
Several example tracker documents are given to give an idea of how the specification can be used.

### Thing Maker
A simplistic program to create a thing that can be distributed via the
[BitTorrent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bittorrent) protocol can be found
in the [thingmaker directory](http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/derrickoswald/thing-tracker-network/blob/master/thingmaker/docs/modules/make_torrent.html). 

## Further Information
* [Thingtracker.net](http://thingtracker.net)
* [Thing Tracker Network Google+ Community](https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/112691591186958693265)
* [Email](contact@thingtracker.net)

Commit message:

Read bencoded file on client side.

README.md, after:

# Thing Tracker Network

This repository holds the specification for the Thing Tracker Network proposal.  

Have a look at the main website for more details: [thingtracker.net](http://thingtracker.net).


### Specification

The schema is given in two formats: [js-schema](git://github.com/molnarg/js-schema.git) for conciseness, and [json-schema](http://json-schema.org) which can be read and parsed directly, (using JSON.parse, for example).  The js-schema version has to be read in via aneval() or a Function statement, which makes it less secure.

### Examples
Several example tracker documents are given to give an idea of how the specification can be used.

### Thing Maker
A simplistic program to create a thing that can be distributed via the
[BitTorrent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bittorrent) protocol can be found
in the [thingmaker directory](http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/derrickoswald/thing-tracker-network/blob/master/thingmaker/docs/modules/make_torrent.html).
A simple Javascript program to read a torrent file (which could be created from the above) can be found on the 
[ThingMaker Page](http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/derrickoswald/thing-tracker-network/blob/master/thingmaker/ThingMaker.html).

## Further Information
* [Thingtracker.net](http://thingtracker.net)
* [Thing Tracker Network Google+ Community](https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/112691591186958693265)
* [Email](contact@thingtracker.net)
